Enhance documentation for coverage baseline in tests (#9731)
circleci/circleci-docs: docs/guides/modules/test/pages/adaptive-testing.adoc

== Where Adaptive Testing works well:

=== Ideal use cases
* Unit and integration tests that exercise code within the same repository
* Projects with comprehensive test coverage - The more thorough your tests, the more precisely adaptive testing can identify which tests are impacted by changes
* Test frameworks with built-in coverage support (Jest, pytest, Go test, Vitest) where generating coverage reports is straightforward

*Why coverage matters*: In codebases with sparse test coverage, adaptive testing cannot accurately determine which tests cover changed code. This causes the system to default to running all tests, negating the benefits of intelligent test selection.

=== Current Constraints
* Distributed test architectures where tests run against external services, separate containers, or multiple isolated contexts
* Limited coverage tooling for test frameworks that don't provide native instrumentation or coverage reporting
* Complex test configurations with non-standard test discovery, custom test runners, or unconventional project structures

> * End-to-end tests that span multiple repositories or services, making it difficult to map code changes to specific tests

Reviewer: I think we'll want to word these as things you test suite is constrained to do, rather than constrained not to do, e.g.:
```
=== Current Constraints
* Generating code coverage data is essential for determining how tests are related to code. If tests are run in a way that makes generating and accessing code coverage data tricky then adaptive testing may not be a good fit.
* Adaptive testing needs to be configured with commands to discover all available tests and run a subset of those tests. If you cannot run commands to discover tests and run a subset of tests on the CLI then adaptive testing may not be a good fit.
* Adaptive testing works best when testing a single deployable unit. A monorepo which performs integration tests across many packages at once may not be a good fit.
```

Author: Great idea, thank you

See Scenario 3 in the "Flag Usage Scenarios" section for examples of customizing branch behavior.

=== Can I run test analysis and selection on any branch?

Yes! The branch behavior is fully customizable through your CircleCI configuration. While analysis runs on main by default, you can configure it to run on:

. Any specific branch (for example, `develop` or `staging`).
. Feature branches if needed for testing.
. Scheduled pipelines.

> See Scenario 3 in the "Flag Usage Scenarios" section for examples of customizing branch behavior.

Author: The table below "The following flags are available to be defined on the circleci run testsuite command." refers to this section. So maybe we can link it there?

[#baseline-coverage]
=== Why are there so many files impact a test?

> If you see many files impacting each test during analysis (e.g., "...found 150 files impacting test..."), this may be caused by shared setup code like global imports or framework initialization being included in coverage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you see many files impacting each test during analysis (for example, "...found 150 files impacting test..."), this may be caused by shared setup code like global imports or framework initialization being included in coverage.
```

* Cypress (E2E testing)
* Vitest

> The key requirement is that your test runner can generate coverage data in a parsable format (typically LCOV or similar).

Reviewer: Right now we can only read LCOV and Go's "legacy coverage" format.
